Update migrating_to_firebase_cloud_messaging.md (#7395)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/android/push_notifications/android/migrating_to_firebase_cloud_messaging.md

## Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) {#faq}

### How do I know my new credentials are working?

> You're new credentials start working as soon as you add them to Braze. To test your new credentials, send a real or test push notification to your app using FCM or Braze. If the push notification goes through, everything is working. If it doesn't, see [Test your new credentials](#step-a-test-your-new-credentials).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your new credentials start working as soon as you add them to Braze. To test your credentials, send a real or test push notification to your app using FCM or Braze. If the push notification goes through, everything is working. If it doesn't, see [Test your new credentials](#step-a-test-your-new-credentials).
```

### Where can I check error messages?

> You can review push notification errors in your [message activity log](https://www.braze.com/docs/user_guide/administrative/app_settings/message_activity_log_tab/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can review push notification errors in your [message activity log]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/administrative/app_settings/message_activity_log_tab/).
```
